## Environment
- **Qiskit Terra version**: 0.43.1 meta package, terra 0.24.1
- **Python version**: 3.10
- **Operating system**: docker continuumio/miniconda3

## What is happening?
In case I declare a circuit by passing `0` as the number of qubits followed by a `measure_all`, then exported it to QASM; the generated QASM is invalid, containing a `creg` with size `0`.

## How can we reproduce the issue?
Run this python script:

```python
from qiskit import QuantumCircuit
meas = QuantumCircuit(0, 2)
meas.measure_all()

meas.qasm(filename="my.qasm")

QuantumCircuit.from_qasm_file("my.qasm").draw(output='mpl')
```
Produces this error:
```bash
File ".../lib/python3.10/site-packages/qiskit/qasm/qasmparser.py", line 557, in p_creg_decl
    raise QasmError("CREG size must be positive")
qiskit.qasm.exceptions.QasmError: 'CREG size must be positive'
```

Output qasm:
```qasm
OPENQASM 2.0;
include "qelib1.inc";
creg c[2];
creg meas[0];
barrier;

```

The error happens only when importing the qasm file, whereas I believe the mistake is done by the exporter or in allowing such a circuit to be created.

## What should happen?
I would have expected the QASM exporter to generate a valid qasm, ready to be reimported.

## Any suggestions?
This happens because the `measure_all` api call implicitly creates a classical register due to its default value `add_bits=True` (see doc [here](https://qiskit.org/documentation/stubs/qiskit.circuit.QuantumCircuit.measure_all.html)).
Unfortunately, when creating the new classical register, it generates it of the same size of the quantum register (which in this case is `0`) thus leading to a wrong QASM.
I would suggest to handle this corner case either:
1. by checking that the circuit must have at least one qubit before creating the classical register.
2. Or even, an error should be thrown in phase of creation of the circuit, where the input intergers should be greater than `0` in the `QuantumCircuit` constructor.